Add contributor documentation for resource metadata (#12620)
GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules: docs/content/reference/metadata.md

---
title: "MMv1 metadata reference"
weight: 35
---

# MMv1 metadata reference

> This page documents all properties for metadata.

Reviewer: Could you add information about when this file is needed? You mention in you PR that most resources would be unaffected. When would they be affected?

Author: I just added some clarification. The file is autogenerated for MMv1, so it is only really needed for handwritten resources (which is why that guide was updated as well).

> This page documents all properties for metadata. Metadata does not impact the provider itself, but is used by Google internally for coverage metrics.

Reviewer 2: Drive-by suggestion: maybe state this more generically (because that might not be the only thing it gets used for)

```suggestion
This page documents all properties for metadata. Metadata does not impact the provider itself, but enables analysis of the provider that would otherwise be impractical or impossible.
```
